fails:The defined? keyword when called with a method name having a module as receiver returns nil if the method is private
fails:The defined? keyword when called with a method name having a module as receiver returns nil if the method is protected
fails:The defined? keyword when called with a method name having a local variable as receiver calls #respond_to_missing?
fails:The defined? keyword when called with a method name having a local variable as receiver calls #respond_to_missing?
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives returns nil for an expression with '!' and an unset global variable
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives returns nil for an expression with '!' and an unset instance variable
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives returns nil for an expression with 'not' and an unset global variable
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives returns nil for an expression with 'not' and an unset instance variable
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives returns 'expression' for an expression with '&&/and' and an undefined method
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives returns 'expression' for an expression with '&&/and' and an unset class variable
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives does not call a method in an '&&' expression and returns 'expression'
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives does not call a method in an 'and' expression and returns 'expression'
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives returns 'expression' for an expression with '||/or' and an undefined method
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives returns 'expression' for an expression with '||/or' and an unset class variable
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives does not call a method in an '||' expression and returns 'expression'
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives does not call a method in an 'or' expression and returns 'expression'
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with a dynamic String returns 'expression' when the String contains a call to an undefined method
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with a dynamic String does not call the method in the String
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with a dynamic Regexp returns 'expression' when the Regexp contains a call to an undefined method
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with a dynamic Regexp does not call the method in the Regexp
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String does not match a Regexp returns nil for $&
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String does not match a Regexp returns nil for $`
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String does not match a Regexp returns nil for $'
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String does not match a Regexp returns nil for $+
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String does not match a Regexp returns nil for $1-$9
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String matches a Regexp returns 'global-variable' for $&
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String matches a Regexp returns 'global-variable' for $`
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String matches a Regexp returns 'global-variable' for $'
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String matches a Regexp returns 'global-variable' for $+
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String matches a Regexp returns 'global-variable' for the capture references
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String matches a Regexp returns nil for non-captures
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp does not match a String returns nil for $&
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp does not match a String returns nil for $`
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp does not match a String returns nil for $'
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp does not match a String returns nil for $+
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp does not match a String returns nil for $1-$9
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp matches a String returns 'global-variable' for $&
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp matches a String returns 'global-variable' for $`
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp matches a String returns 'global-variable' for $'
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp matches a String returns 'global-variable' for $+
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp matches a String returns 'global-variable' for the capture references
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp matches a String returns nil for non-captures
fails:The defined? keyword for yield returns 'yield' if a block is passed to a method not taking a block parameter
fails:The defined? keyword for yield returns 'yield' if a block is passed to a method taking a block parameter
fails:The defined? keyword for super returns nil when a superclass undef's the method
fails:The defined? keyword for super for a method taking no arguments returns 'super' from a #define_method when a superclass method exists
fails:The defined? keyword for super for a method taking no arguments returns 'super' from a block in a #define_method when a superclass method exists
fails:The defined? keyword for super for a method taking arguments returns 'super' from a #define_method when a superclass method exists
fails:The defined? keyword for super for a method taking arguments returns 'super' from a block in a #define_method when a superclass method exists
fails:The defined? keyword for super for a method taking no arguments returns 'super' from a block when a superclass method exists
fails:The defined? keyword for super for a method taking arguments returns 'super' from a block when a superclass method exists
